So, you're cutting the timeline in half?
Well I guess the team can't possibly
hate you any more than they already do,
so, that's a plus!
(laughs)
(playful orchestra music)
Obviously you don't care about my team.
Obviously you don't care about quality.
I hate quality.
I think it's stupid.
Only a moron could hit this in this timeframe!
Maybe you could do it.
This must be your first time running a project!
Oooh, totes adorbs!
I have pictures of my family,
so why would I need to ever go home?
(melancholic music)
I get it, you think I'm a magician!
(laughs)
Woo!
But I--
You don't--
This isn't--
(playful orchestra music)
AAAGH!
(orchestra crescendo music)
Up top!
Yeah!
(orchestra finale)
(playful orchestra music)